All right welcome back my students so I hope you guys having a lot of fun seeing me and see my box and
seeing me fitting in.
Which is a great moment right.
Well those of you that like it.
Good job.
I like it too.
All right.
Let's get to it.
So now we are able to create replies right.
That's really cool for each call right.
We need to actually have some type of more information about this user right here right which is probably
going to be the same guy as the one that made the comment.
So you know in the future you might want to prevent the guy that makes a comment to also reply to himself
.
All right.
So let's go real quick and
let's work on that.
Let's go to this.
We are in the polls and we just need to edit that image.
All right.
But we need to bring the whole reply down so let's grab a For Each loop here in the nested comment and
wrap it around.
This wrap around the I'm sure we wrap it around like and take the whole reply buntu.
Or should we just wrap it around the.
Let's just look at it again shall we.
Wrap it around here.
Or should we wrap the whole thing.
Well we don't even want to see this fall.
We don't have a reply right so let's wrap it around that.
So if we can paste
replies a bigger than that we want to see them.
And if oops let's check it to see if it works.
If we don't get any errors and yes we do.
That's because we did not really this blame reply.
Getting this variable here.
So let's go to our comments reply actually does seem polls that we have to go to are polls
up to go to polls controller real quick and there's a function that is explain the polls somewhere right
here.
This is the guy.
All right.
And we also have to bring down the replies.
So this is a little different though because we need to bring the comments replies.
All right.
So
once we find this comment we got to think about this a little bit.
All right.
So once we find that comment how do we bring the reply.
Well why don't we do this.
Why don't we actually go to the page and from there we pull it out instead of pulling out from pulling
their replies from here.
Let's just do that.
Let's go to post.
All right and let's do it right here because we already have the object right here and it's inside a
big we are still inside that loop see that.
So all we have to do is loop through that collection of replies.
So for each comment replies yes reply.
All right.
And for each right there
let's see if we get any arrows here on the fine replies.
That's because we need this guy here in front of it.
Comment we go.
All right.
And it's looking good.
That means it works because if we for some reason change this like this should get nothing there.
See that beautiful.
That's just beautiful I love it.
I love it.
All right.
Let's get the reply alter out.
Let's see what he's saying.
And let's also get these image if he if he has any
reply photo
see something here real quick that's kind of big man really big.
What's going on with you.
Let's go and make this 64 I believe that's the right size.
And what else.
Whoops.
Make sure you don't make mistakes here.
I keep creating the wrong
looks like a house and error there.
No I don't dream about Edwin don't dream about it.
All right create it.
Let's use our diff for humans.
It's a really cool name right.
Let's take this off and put the body here put the body here.
Reply.
Body
Moves.
We don't have a Create day for this gentleman 380 at
because we forgot to reply.
I already forget I forgot the reply before.
I think I did.
All right so it's looking pretty good guys.
Really good.
All right better than this.
And we're going to have to actually space is our little bed.
And as a matter of fact we can do it right now.
Let's just do it real quick so that we look good.
We put some CSSA into it.
I think this media guy right here and nested should be having some.
Let's see.
You know what margining I think it would do a good margin maybe 20 pixels
60 pixels margin top.
All right that media guy right there nested.
So is this guy right here.
What are we going to do is we're going to say nest that
comment.
There we go.
And let's take this to assets size.
How we doin any styling yet.
I think we have right.
Because we did this guy right here.
So if we do morning top 60 pixels and we do golpe
doo doo doo doo doo.
All right.
Well he's not applying it for some reason.
I see.
All right.
When it doesn't do it you just check your stylus and see if you have you have that.
It looks like it is applying it there.
But Basrah classes over writing it I got a feeling that's what it is.
So go back to it and instead of doing a class just create an idea for it which is stronger takes over
the class.
All right.
And now if you go back to a let's go back to this one.
Change this for an ID and to go up again actually
let's check in now.
That's making me look really bad guys.
This thing here
the idea there and it's getting overwritten right here you see that Maryan top
.
All right.
You are playing with me that's not getting overbidding it's misspelled.
You know me trying to do it fast and I end up with misspelled as grammar stuff.
All right cool.
I think we're good here.
I think on the next lecture what I want to do actually as a matter of fact we're going to do that in
a more of a cosmetic lectures.
We want to add a link here when we click it goes down and it creates some type of slide down effect
.
We might do it in next lecture if he doesn't take too long.
I've got to check.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture